The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah, you're a legitimate chocolate fiend.
I'm definitely at legitimate.
How much do you eat a day? How much?
No, I, I,
every single morning I have hot chocolate and it takes about 45 minutes of
preparation time has about four different ingredients.
So I start that and then I have some chocolate over the course of 45 minutes.
Yeah. A lot of it is simmering, so it's not really fully active,
but it's some active in some passive interventions.
Is this a preparation that you do? Like, is it,
does it prepare you for the day? Is it like a meditation thing?
It's probably some kind of morning ritual, but it's just, I dunno,
it's very calming for me. And by the time after this 45 minutes,
it's like pudding. I mean, it's like this thick bubbling, hot chocolate. I just,
it brings me joy. I feel like everyone should start their day with joy.
Well,
there's some like positive qualities and it's not just a good tasting thing,
right? Like, oh yeah. Chocolate with some.
Again, dark chocolate,
especially has all kinds of very positive health benefits.
I'm not saying that everyone should just eat chocolate bars all day and you're
going to live forever. But actually the, the world,
the woman who lived longest of everyone in recorded history ate two pounds of
chocolate a week. John Kelman in France. So at least it could help.
Two pounds seems like excessive.
It's a lot, but she lived to 122.
But N but chocolate's different in terms of like some chocolate is like really
sugar, sugar based. And some chocolate is more of like a kind of,
I really like dark chocolate and peanut butter together, you know,
chocolate bar.
Yeah, yeah. Or like a recent species. Yeah. So the,
the dark chocolate is the healthier version of chocolate on,
on average. And so these, the darker, pure cacao, that's where the,
the health benefits.
But some people think there's like a,
there's some psychoactive benefits to chocolate, right. To couch.
Yeah. Well,
so cacao has been used ceremonially for about 5,000
years. So there definitely is a, is a history of that. And, and it, it has some,
I mean,
it's not as psychoactive as some of the other stuff you talk about on the show,
but it has.
A little bit of it. Well,
we did a podcast before the podcast while we're getting COVID tested out there.
Yep. Exactly.
Exact talking about our experience last.
Time. Yeah. Um,
and so there's another thing that happens that I was reading about
some people like chocolate because it replaces, uh, it like,
it gives them a feeling of being loved. Have you ever read that?
I read that, but I mean, maybe it's true.
I don't know whether there's some doubt there's something that's chemical about
chocolate, but it's,
I think there's probably an association with chocolate and happiness and
everybody's or hope lots of people's grandma grandmother's gave them little
chocolates. I think that there's a little bit of that.
Maybe it's part of the chocolate. Maybe it's part of our experience.
Oh God. I wish I could remember it. See if you could find this, like
really that's what it is. An immuno.
Acids, small quantities flavored nuts is the.
Yeah. Does it have something to do with, uh, love? What does, what it says here?
This is fast.
Acting, talk in the brain signs my chocolate, but okay. There we go.
Butterflies. We feel and falling in love. Yeah. Wow. All right.
Great. Well, if, if the internet says it, it must.
Be true. Must be.
But that was the idea that I had read that some people like chocolate,
like when they're depressed, when they're heartbroken, electronic,
what sort of a replacement for love? Yeah.
I mean, I definitely, if you're feeling bad and you eat chocolate,
it you're probably going to feel better. So maybe it is a replacing.
A little way, catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.